capital = 773
oob = "CMR_1936"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}
set_cosmetic_tag  = CMR_FRA
set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = CMR_aa2
recruit_character = CMR_democratic_guy
recruit_character = CMR_acgs
recruit_character = CMR_ncm
recruit_character = CMR_nt
recruit_character = CMR_acas
recruit_character = CMR_awt
recruit_character = CMR_pot
recruit_character = CMR_stc
recruit_character = CMR_acd2
recruit_character = CMR_communist_guy
recruit_character = CMR_aco2
recruit_character = CMR_fascist_guy
recruit_character = CMR_coi
recruit_character = CMR_ar
recruit_character = CMR_nccr
recruit_character = CMR_mt
recruit_character = CMR_ai2
recruit_character = CMR_ncs
recruit_character = CMR_acr




set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Gaston Camille Guibet"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Europe/Portrait_Europe_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1953.3.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		
	}
}