capital = 305

oob = "INC_1936"

add_ideas = {
	service_by_requirement
    closed_economy
	INC_sapa
	INC_det_legacy
    INC_panaca_shocked_state_5
    INC_years_of_armageddon_5
	INC_weak_nobility
	INC_agrarian_powerhouse_5
}

set_technology = {
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = { bicycle_infantry = 1 }
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 55
	fascism = 45
}

recruit_character = INC_tupac_3
recruit_character = INC_mamaq_ch
recruit_character = INC_ussun_cuy
recruit_character = INC_justo_apu
recruit_character = INC_asiri_chalco
recruit_character = INC_yurak_passci
recruit_character = INC_ttika_pinto
recruit_character = INC_palla_ccora
recruit_character = INC_chriss_saenz
recruit_character = INC_carina_sandoval
recruit_character = INC_george_barrueco
recruit_character = INC_zhu_yi
recruit_character = INC_hector
recruit_character = INC_nayarak_chakana
recruit_character = INC_wayra_condori
recruit_character = INC_kumya_ccahua
recruit_character = INC_shaya_manco
recruit_character = INC_awak_gua
recruit_character = INC_coyllur_axi
recruit_character = INC_ylin_rawa
recruit_character = INC_thani_manco
recruit_character = INC_koya_chanca
