capital = 330

oob = "MON_1939"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}
recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_mingzhu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MON_fu_shangzhi
recruit_character = MON_songgotu_kangan
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_olziytrygyn_badrak
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_yundunwangcug
recruit_character = MON_pai_yun_ti
add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
		neutrality_idea
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"

}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 60
	fascism = 15
	neutrality = 20
	democratic = 5
}

